It is not functioning or the stuff that dissolves. The wind element is when it is dissolved to the
consciousness, then the skin is called your diet, external, most of the times.
But in the teaching said, sometimes due to the karma, due to the certain conditions, feel for all,
even can come back, come back.
I don't know how long they came, how that stayed. Maybe those great Delos, little bit, Delos, those
who come back after the death, maybe this stage, they went and then they come back.
There is many great beings called Delos, they died, but they come back.
Now open up by you say, well they did you say, they died, breathing stopped, but still they have
some warmth in their heart.
Heart, and so that really happened. There is quite renowned Delos, their teachings still existing,
and it is quite popular in Tibet.
Tibet, and there is quite few of those, they are called Delos, Delos.
So now this is the externally that individually is died.
In the teaching said, even during these times, you are going all these stages, these stages
actually again,
"Guruppe Masambha Ghee", "Guruppe Masambha Ghee", "Buddha Ghee" this teaching is as I said before,
in the kind of like we are marking the road signs.
Road signs, so that we can refer, reverse it. Reversing our practice, we can resten in our
meditation.
Each time it comes, now we are reaching to that stage, I should resten in our practice.
Meditation of realization, meditation on the complete stages, all body, joy, appreciation, all that
.
And the pose for us around you, around that individual, try to support continuity without any
emotions.
And crying, this and that, and such a kind of protective voice, "Have you died? What will you do?"
And the police, trying to stay more and all these things, it's destructive.
It's just not going to help anything. It's destructive, it is pulling their concentrations,
completely disturbing.
So therefore, when you see, individually see those signs, excellent signs, they should continually
support their spiritual beliefs as I said before.
And individually, who are experiencing these things or practicing this, they should each time rest
en in their quality, confidence, meditation and practices.
That is really what we need to do, resten them, our quality, confidence, realization, all that.
Now is the time. I practice, I meditate in my life, I did good things, now I'm going from forward
to this.
This is the pose practice always good, always we can talk.
But this is one of the crucial time that I'm going to carry on and move this, this with briefly
that I will make that.
I'm really thinking, these signs of those inner, civil signs, mirage and smoking, fireflies and
light,
then those many times, in the teaching, I mean not many times, those are known as the clay-like
luminosity signs.
Signs of the clay-like luminosity states, they are the expression of the Buddha nature.
Expression of our ordinary, mother-clarity luminosity status is coming out, out with that
substantive situation, it is lighting up our passage or that individual passage.
And many times, of course, people don't recognize that.
But practice this, this is really the sign, it is similar as a total sign.
Signs, they are the clay-like luminosity expressions that mother is coming, coming and radiating.
So each time we're connecting that, then we relax and meditate as we've been practicing that.
Those are, so this is the practices and those are the state that we go through.
And this is then externally, for say, dark.
But then still there is inner three signs that go through.
Those are known as the inner signs.
According to the dark mind, this inner three signs, when that happens, then you really need to act.
Then you lost the positions of every element.
Now the chapter is gone, all that is gone, and now there is only two things in a position, in a way
.
Those are known as the white element and the red element that we each received from our parents.
Still they are in their positions.
But as soon as these four or five chapters are lost their functioning systems in the teaching set,
then soon after,
those positions are going to those two.
And those are the fours in the teaching set that white element, that which we go through, our
father,
is mainly the prince for that location is in Kaurangchakra.
Kaurangchakra, and now Kaurangchakra is losing and that white is dropping down in the teaching set.
It coming down as star shooting, star shooting from the door.
At that moment, they individually, that inner sign, everything is illuminated as white.
White, and that is, the white element is coming down to the heart center.
And soon after that, then the red element, which is below the narrow center, that position lost,
is coming up as like flashing red light went upward.
In the Thasana Nambasthiti, here he said that time, this is not Thasana Nambasthiti,
in here he said that time the channels are responding.
So that means white channel, left channel is now stopped.
And now these two elements coming up and down, and between that,
our subtle consciousness that has been, we've been talking other day,
the subtle wind, subtle consciousness, that essence, that nucleus that will be used,
or I use the word, that trap between these two elements.
In the Thasana Nambasthiti here, he said that time, that consciousness, all of them,
merged in the center channel, center channel, center channel, that one.
So that time it is merged with that.
That time has completely become the blank state.
In a world, inwardly to that individual's experience,
it's completely, in a way, black out, around black out.
And that will happen. That is according to the teaching here, then we pass.
And that ended here as part of the death and dying period.
Period is ended there, that and then we die.
This again, this white, red and black out experience is also no other
than the again, clear life, luminosity experience.
It's sure. Those who meditate the practice, such as Dvaraka,
what's our own practice is this.
This really time, the teaching says, this is enlightened.
It is the glowing expression of this molecular light, luminosity experience,
dawning to you. And at that moment, you can reach enlightenment.
Many times they can reach enlightenment
to the ground of higher state or the sound of higher state, right there.
So that is really my teaching today on the battle of death and dying
and as well as battle of the meditating, the historical.
And we talk dominant meditation and then dedicate it.
And then tomorrow we can give you some questions and talk that to me.
Thank you.